I HATE GENERATIVE AI A LOT, so I made this little repo. Let me explain :)

I was a huge fan of generative AI a while ago cause, I mean it was so cool cause it was like having that smart friend on speedial.
After a while I, about two months before the windows 10 EOL (I had Win10 pre-installed on my ThinkPad). I started hating how slow it felt and the fact that
I had to run an AntiVirus as a background process seemed like some BS.
I started looking into linux (yeah yeah techically its GNU, and linux is one of it's many kernels
stop being a giant fucking nerd) and found the "I use arch btw" meme hilarious, so I spun up a VirtualBox VM and installed arch on it (without ArchInstall cause I'm cool).
I used ChatGPT a lot for this instead of the wiki (yes yes very stupid and I'm not proud of it). After installing it on bare metal 
and DualBooting it with Win10 I started using Arch (btw) with hyprland. I kept using ChatGPT for help with ricing and ended up with
a really bloated install and still didn't know my way around the distro. I began to realise that this was stupid and also really bad practice
cause I asked it to help me with system security too, anyways I reinstalled using the wiki and stopped using ChatGPT for anythung linux related.
Later on I realised that my peers used LLMs as a friend/partner/therapy which kinda made me lose hope cause I thought human connection was fading.
I also learned how these models are trained and how unethical it is. 


(this guy then proceeds to yap about privacy and it's a pretty long walk)
I never really cared for "morals" or "ethics" but to me privacy was
never about morals or ethics. Privacy was a given and not negotiated, and this should not be normalised EVER. 
It's pretty shitty that I need to turn off "features" on *ahem* CERTAIN OPERATING_SYSTEMS *ahem* that just steal my data.
"why do you need privacy if you don't have anything to hide?" well okay do you close the door when you take a shit?
yea? why would you do that if you're not doing (insert illegal activity) in there? 
Stupid arguement imo -_- 

To train LLMs so much is invested and in my opinion it's not really worth it (IT'S MY OPINION IT DOESN'T HAVE TO MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS).
Privacy is trivialised and so much electricity is required to run the data centers that are used to train LLMs.
Moreover the water that gets polluted due to the E-Waste that contains mercury and other shit IDK. 
The end product is really shitty IMO, not worth even a fraction of the resources utilised, not to mention the ethical and moral boundaries crossed.
IMO it also largely contributes to Cognitive_Decline and I've seen the effects of it first hand, its pretty scary.

I've always believed that knowledge should be free for everyone, that means that everyone should have access to the means of gaining knowledge for free.
LLMs just give you the answer (often not an accurate or satisfactory IMO) and that kills the drive to find knowledge, which kinda sucks.
So I am putting together a collection of cool links. Everytime I wanna look up something that,
I feel someone would consult an LLM for (consult? bro stfu), I add the links I come across to this list. So that together we can overcome cognitive decline.
Maybe this is pointless, but I wanna collect a bunch of links anyway so I might as well share. Love you guys <3
